h1. Mingle Git Plugin

A mingle plugin that enables git integration with mingle.

h2. Features

* Revision checkins show up in a Mingle project's history
* Source browsing for the git repository
* Changeset diff viewer
* Branches

h2. Requirements

This plugin has been tested with and known to work with Mingle version 3.2, and git version 1.7.0 and above.

h2. Installation

* See "http://git-scm.com/download":http://git-scm.com/download on downloading git for your operating system.
* Ensure that git is installed on the mingle server, and is available on the path.
* It is recommended that you use git version 1.7.0 or higher.

$ git clone git://github.com/ThoughtWorksStudios/mingle_git_plugin.git

* Copy the mingle_git_plugin/rails_plugin directory to MINGLE_ROOT/vendor/plugins/mingle_git_plugin.

  where MINGLE_ROOT is the location where Mingle 3.2 is installed. 

    * On Windows, this is the location that the installer installed Mingle at
    * On OSX, this will be within the app bundle, at <mingle_application_bundle>/Contents/Resources/app
    * On *NIX, this is the expanded archive
* Restart the mingle server

h2. License

Mingle Git Plugin is Licensed under the Apache License v2.0. See the LICENSE file for details.

Copyright 2010 ThoughtWorks, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
